*CPanelHelper* is a Ruby library for interaction with "External CPanel XML/JSON API":http://docs.cpanel.net/twiki/bin/view/SoftwareDevelopmentKit/XmlApi and with "CPanel Internal XML APIv2":http://docs.cpanel.net/twiki/bin/view/SoftwareDevelopmentKit/CallingAPIFunctions.

It also allows local cpanel information retrieval, such as finding user & domain by supplied query string.

h2. Invoking the API helper

bc.. require 'cpanelhelper'

CPanelHelper.configure do |config|
	config.uri_host = 'https://remote.cpanel.host:2087'
	config.user = 'root'
	config.password = 'assword'
	config.logger = Logger.new($stderr)
	config.call_type = :json
	#config.access_hash = open('/root/.accesshash').read
end

# The call interface is as following:
#   CPanelHelper::API.*function_name*(*:parameter1* => *value1*, *:parameter2* => *value2*, ...)
# For "adjusted" functions, see their respective invokation documentation

# retrieve available funcs
resp = CPanelHelper::API.applist
available_funcs = resp['app']

# search accounts by domain. (This is an "adjusted" function)
accounts = CPanelHelper::API.listaccts('domain', 'somedomain.com')

p. Note that @CPanelHelper::API@ functions raise @CallError@ on any critical error.

h2. Invoking "local" CPanel functions

Please note that @CPanelHelper::Local@ functions require access to CPanel data files, thus these calls are invoked only locally.

It's possible to create access hash by invoking @CPanelHelper::Local.create_access_hash@ method before doing
any local API calls. Be careful as this method will echo back the hash.

h2. Changelog

h3. 0.2.5
* @get_dominfo_by_user@ now returns whether main domain is on dedicated IP

h3. 0.2.2
* bugfix in @get_installed_certificates@

h3. 0.2.1

* Added @get_installed_certificates@ function that returns installed certs
